---
title: "Goals for 2019"
categories:
  - Goals
tags:
# last_modified_at: 2017-03-09T14:25:52-05:00
---
Alight, I know it's already April and I am still writing about my goals for 2019. A quarter has already passed. I did already set goal at the beginning of the year but I feel that it is too safe. Also my financial goals, is not really a goal. The goal is to reduce my student goal to $15k. I can simply do it but paying which is not a big deal. I am not going to get a part time goal, or work on some freelancing for extra cash, so I don't see the need to put this as a goal anymore other to make myself feel good. 

At this stage of my life, I feel that while money is important, becoming better at my skills are far more important. As what Cal Newport refers to as career capital. I need to accumulate this while I am still young and early in my career. The money will come once I have the skills.

In the past I have always wanted to achieve some kind of financial success. Usually through some business ideas but I realized over the years, that while it is okay to have business ideas and goals, I don't really follow it up. So I am going to once and for all forget about making money or doing business. Instead I will focus on becoming better.

So what are my goals? 
I have split it into personal improvement and physical. 
For personal goals:
1. Be competent in OpenGL
2. be a advance beginner in Vulkan
3. Be a proficient in C++
4. Be competent in writing

For physical goals:
1. 65kg
2. IPPT gold

I will proceed to split this into SMART goals and also a monthly, weekly and daily plan.