---
layout: post
title: "Focus"
categories: Be better
tags: [documentation,sample]
image:
  feature: 
  teaser:  
  credit: 
  creditlink: ""
---

I have been reflecting on my work and growth as a software engineer. I think the past couple of years, I have been trying to spread my direction a little too thin. This lack of focus resulted in a lack of deep knowledge. 

There is nothing wrong with not specialising, some people do know a lot of things on a surface level and this works for them. 
But I found value in that if you know something deep, you are able to command a higher value in your work. People will tend to look up to you.

So I decided that I will need to focus my effort to be really good on one thing. 

But what will that be? Technology comes and go but the fundamentals will always be there. Thus I have decided to be really good in C++. By knowing C++ deeply, I am able to transfer the knowledge to other domain easily. 

I am currently using C/C++ at work, but who knows I might not be using it in future. But the understanding and the knowledge will always give me an edge when transferring to other knowledge.

I remember that when I was in university, I wrote reports on things that I have learned. While that took much more effort on top of the programming section, I found that really learn a lot after writing those report. 

Learning from past experience, I want to take this blog to document what I have learned. Some might be trivial things that can be easily learned from other website but my aim is not to share this platform to share my knowledge but rather to help to dive deep into a topic and push myself to learn more by writing it down. 

Of course, I hope that people are able to benefit from my writing. However, even if no one reads or benefits from it, I am able to benefit from it just by writing my learning process and thoughts. 

 